c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\SchoolLogin.exe.config
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\SchoolLogin.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\SchoolLogin.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\SchoolLogin.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.Form1.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.Resources.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.adminPanel.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.mainInterface.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.Registration.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\Database2.mdf
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\Database2_log.ldf
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\Students.mdf
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\bin\Debug\Students_log.ldf
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.Login.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.About.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.Contacts.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SchoolLogin\SchoolLogin\obj\Debug\SchoolLogin.Help.resources
